content/about.md, before:

---
template: about
title: 'About Me'
---
<h2>#:bicyclist: Introduction</h2>

Myself **`Shahnawaz Hossan`**. I am a passionate **`Software Engineer(Full Stack)`**. Currently I am working as a **`Full-Stack Software Engineer`** for a **`Software Company`**. With my dedication and hard work I want to reach the pinnacle in the development, computing and research field. That's why I always wanted to be a part of a challenging career I love.

I used to write on different programming topics in my native language during my competitive programming. **[This](http://pabonsec.blogspot.com/)** was my site. After starting my career, I have faced many types of problems during my development and research. That's why I started this website so that I can share those solutions of problems I faced with everyone.


<br/>
<h2>#:snowboarder: Programming Career</h2>

I was a **`competitive programmer`** during my university time. I have **`solved 850+ programming problems`** on different **`online judges`**. These are my profiles:


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[UVa](http://uhunt.felix-halim.net/id/370372)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[Codeforces](http://codeforces.com/profile/Back_To_School)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/Pabon_SEC)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[LightOJ](http://www.lightoj.com/volume_userstat.php?user_id=14103)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[DevSkill](https://www.devskill.com/Home/PublicProfile/Pabon_SEC)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[CSAcademy](https://csacademy.com/user/TechTurtle)**<br/>


**`Alongside problem solving, I participated in various programming contests below:`**

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; National Collegiate Programming Contest (NCPC) at University of Asia Pacific – 2016** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at State University Bangladesh – 2016** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at State University Bangladesh – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at BUET – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; IUT 7 th National ICT FEST – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; IUT 6 th National ICT FEST – 2014** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; SEC CSE FEST – 2014** <br/>

Commit message:

About me page, post template edited

content/about.md, after:

---
template: about
title: 'About Me'
---
<h2>#:bicyclist: Introduction</h2>

My name is **`Shahnawaz Hossan`**. I am a passionate **`Software Engineer(Full Stack)`**. Currently I am working as a **`Full-Stack Software Engineer`** for a **`Software Company`**. I believe that sheer determination, dedication and hard working capacity will help me to reach the pinnacle in the development, computing and research field.

I used to write on different programming topics in my native language during my competitive programming. **[This](http://pabonsec.blogspot.com/)** is my site. I've written about various types of programming topics like number theory, bit manipulation, data structures, sorting etc. After starting my career, I have faced many types of problems during my development and research. That's why I started this website so that I can share those solutions of problems I faced with everyone.


<br/>
<h2>#:snowboarder: Programming Career</h2>

I was a **`competitive programmer`** during my university time. I have **`solved 850+ programming problems`** on different **`online judges`**. These are my profiles:


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[UVa](http://uhunt.felix-halim.net/id/370372)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[Codeforces](http://codeforces.com/profile/Back_To_School)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/Pabon_SEC)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[LightOJ](http://www.lightoj.com/volume_userstat.php?user_id=14103)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[DevSkill](https://www.devskill.com/Home/PublicProfile/Pabon_SEC)**<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;#:point_right:&nbsp; **[CSAcademy](https://csacademy.com/user/TechTurtle)**<br/>


**`Alongside problem solving, I participated in various programming contests below:`**

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; National Collegiate Programming Contest (NCPC) at University of Asia Pacific – 2016** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at State University Bangladesh – 2016** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at State University Bangladesh – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; Inter University Programming Contest at BUET – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; IUT 7 th National ICT FEST – 2015** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; IUT 6 th National ICT FEST – 2014** <br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**#:balloon:&nbsp; SEC CSE FEST – 2014** <br/>
